Hello everyone and welcome back to barbie
romania in the previous videos I have a
they are shown in words like
of smoking now I want you to do
see the proceedings in brief
to go to use the first one
what we have to do is fill up a
cold water container then
we will take the quantity of which
we need for cooking
our chips and in my case I'm
using the chips in roma petty e
we're going to immerse them in water
immerse the quantity I repeat by 15
We usually besiege all recipes
what do you find black look on books
urby BBQ recipe books are indicated
the necessary quantities
we will make sure the chips and get wet
well all of them after that we will leave them
soak for about 30 years 30 40 minutes
then we will go and drip them we will go to
put in this case the
our case on I show you how
put on a bearded carbon
we just have to wait for these thirty
minutes and then we will go to console the
our chips and then I'll show you how
how to use well the doctors welcome back
it's time to let you see how
go and use the fuming chips in the
the moment we are cooking we will go
and we have our coal turned on
we're going to open the covers of ours
barbecue with pliers we're going to open
the two wings of the cooking daughter
we will take some of our chips and the
we are going to position directly above
coal in this way
made one side we make the other offer
our articulated civilization that does not
we're going to place the chips here too
above the coal and chips vi
remember they must have been put on
soaking and dripping well we will scrutinize is
all here is now let's close
the cover you see our chips
started smoking to increase or
decrease the taste of smoked you can
work with the ideation valve
placed on the cover of your barbecue
and you will also go to give more or less
smoked taste also according to
time of exposure of the dish to
smoke the chips I remind you you can
find on our website www.barcolana.it
continue to follow us on ours
facebook page to discover every day
new offers new novelties in the world of
barbecue I invite you to register at
our youtube channel a good one
grilled to everyone at the next video